Congratulations to everyone on completing the course and thank you for watching it to the end.
We figured out the specifics of C ++ development in the Unreal Engine.
We studied various subsystems and programmed all the logic exclusively in C ++.
If you liked the course, I would be grateful for your feedback.
What to do next?
First, you can continue to develop our current project on your own.
For example, add new characters and make it possible to choose them.
Characters can be found in the Unreal marketplace. There are many free options out there.
You can create a system of difficulty level and change various parameters of bots, depending on it.
Or, for example, create a mechanic for the selection of a special totem
AND count the victory for the team if at the end of the round it owns it.
Etc. You can think of anything you want and try to implement it.
Secondly, you can continue to study Unreal, depending on the specifics of your activity.
If you are an idie developer, then learning unreal will happen depending on what is required to implement your game mechanics. This is logical.
If you are planning to work in a large company, then it makes sense to thoroughly study several subsystems.
For example, you can delve deeper into artificial intelligence, user interface programming, or animation programming.
But no matter what you do, it is extremely important to devote due time to the documentation, to study it carefully.
Also, in training, I recommend not to focus only on the Unreal Engine. Improve various other programmer skills.
Study software design methodologies, testing, refactoring, follow the development of the C ++ standard,
read and watch professional blogs.
All this knowledge can be easily transferred to projects based on the Unreal Engine,
while the speed and quality of development can be greatly improved. All this together will help create your dream project.
Also in the description, I will leave a link to my YouTube channel,
which covers the topics of unreal development automation, source building, testing and much more.
Thanks again for watching this course.
Wish you luck! Bye everyone!